If you could be invisible, what is the first thing you would do?
What is a secret you kept from your parents?
What is the most embarrassing music you listen to?
What is one thing you wish you could change about yourself?
Who is your secret crush?
Who is the last person you creeped on social media?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
If a genie granted you three wishes, what would you ask for?
What is your biggest regret?
Where is the weirdest place you've ever gone to the bathroom?
What is the most food you've ever eaten in a single sitting?
Which player would survive a zombie apocalypse and which would be the first to go?
Reveal all the details of your first kiss.
What excuse have you used before to get out plans with a friend?
What's the longest you've ever slept?
Read the last thing you sent your best friend or significant other out loud.
What's your biggest pet peeve?
When was the last time you lied?
What five things would you bring to a desert island?
What's the most embarrassing thing you ever did on a date?
What is the craziest pickup line you've ever used?
What animal do you think you most look like?
How many selfies do you take a day?
What is one thing you would stand in line for an hour for?
When was the last time you cried?
What's the longest time you've ever gone without showering?
What's the most embarrassing top-played song on your phone?
What was your favorite childhood show?
If you could be a fictional character for a day, who would you choose?
What's your biggest fear?
What's one silly thing you can't live without?
What is the weirdest trend you've ever participated in?
If you could only listen to one song for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
What person do you text the most?
Have you ever been fired from a job?
What is an instant deal breaker in a potential love interest?
If you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
What is the biggest lie you ever told your parents?
What's the worst physical pain you've ever experienced?
Which player knows you the best?
What's your favorite part of your body?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
Tell us about the worst date you've ever been on?
Who is your celebrity crush?
What's the strangest dream you've ever had?
What are the top three things you look for in a boyfriend/girlfriend?
What is your worst habit?
How many stuffed animals do you own?
What is your biggest insecurity?
in a score of 1 to 10 how hot/handsome is your crush?
in a score of 1 to 10 how cute is your crush?
your favourite ice cream?
number of messages you have sent to your crush?
highest messages you have sent someone of your opposite gender?
in a score of 1 to 10 how funny are you?
in a score of 1 to 10 how weird are you?
in a score of 1 to 10 how hot are you?
in a score of 1 to 10 how dumb are you?
weirdest person in the server?
funniest person in the server?
smartest person in the server?
dumbest person in the server?
who is your best friend (just one name)?
your favourite food?
If you died tonight, what would you regret not doing?
What will people say about you at your funeral?
Do you believe in life after death, and why?
Do you like who you are now?
When was the last time you laughed so hard?
Would you relocate to a place where you don’t have any family or friends?
What secret trait do you wish that people know about you?
What is your personal philosophy in life?
Do you consider yourself spiritual or religious?
If all your wishes were granted today, how would you describe your life five years from now?
What is your worst memory of elementary school?
Are you close to your parents, and why?
Do you prefer looks or brains?
What is your best childhood memory?
What’s the one trait or personality you’d like to change about yourself?
Do you consider yourself an introvert or an extrovert?
What book and movie spoke to you, and in what way?
Are you assertive or a pushover?
What is your major turnoff in a romantic relationship?
Would you do a crazy thing for a friend?
Is your job now a reflection of what you said you wanted to be when you were a kid?
Do you believe that the present is really better than the past?
Have you seen an extreme example of poverty, and if so, how would you describe it?
What realities or truths are you in denial about?
Do you feel that you’re making a difference with the way you live your life?
Are you willing to share your password with your romantic partner, and why?
How do you feel about a cheating partner?
At what age do you think people should get married?
Do you think you will be a great parent, and why?
What would you do if your parents did not approve of your partner?
Do you believe that people of the opposite sex can be the best of friends?
Have you ever lost someone who’s very close to you?
Who is the person with whom you can talk about anything?
Do you believe in burning bridges when it comes to exes?
Do you prefer someone cheering you up, or being left alone when you’re in a foul mood?
How judgmental are you?
What is your description of a perfect weekend?
Have you broken someone’s heart recently?
Are you willing to relocate for love?
Do you keep a journal, and if yes, how often do you write in it?
What are the top five things you are grateful for? (Here are 120 gratitude prompts you can use during this type of conversation.)
Do you think that cheating partners should be given a second chance?
What do people constantly misunderstand about you?
How would you describe your perfect vacation?
What are the two greatest lessons you’ve learned from a past relationship?
Do you think that people can find true love online?
Do you regret anything in life?
What are three things that are on your bucket list?
What excites you the most?
When you’re alone, what do you usually think of?
How meaningful is your life?
What gives your life meaning?
What would your three wishes be if someone could make them come true?
Are you willing to lay down your life for someone, and who is it?
What top five lessons have you learned the hard way?
Do you believe in magic or in science?
What would the world be like if you hadn’t been born?
What is your definition of fame?
Do you wish to be famous?
What would you want to be famous for?
What is the greatest invention of this age?
Would you be willing to go the extra mile for something or someone?
Which one wins: reality or imagination?
When was the last time you said “I love you” to your parents?
Who do you look up to in life?
Do you give advice to others, and why?
Which is the better option: being a heartbreaker or being heartbroken?
If you could swap lives with someone for a day, who would you choose and why?
Which emotion best represents you, and why?
What do you think will bring about humanity’s extinction?
Do you feel happy when you use social media?
Will you encourage the younger generation to use social media?
If you had a billion dollars, how would you use the money to benefit the less privileged?
Which one is a better situation: broke or lonely?
When you die, would you prefer to be alone or surrounded by people you know?
What’s the lowest point in your life this year?
What’s the highest point you’ve experienced in your life this year?
Who’s hiding behind the mask you present to the world?
Is your life going in the direction you want?
If your life was a movie, what would the title be and why?
Have you experienced any miracle in your life?
Does art have any significance in society?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how fulfilled are you about life?
When was the last time you were moved to tears by a movie?
How do you define “a life well lived?”
What regrets would you have if you were to die today?
Can humans avoid being in love?
Is there such a thing as absolute freedom?
If you were given free rein to design the ideal metropolis, what would your city be like?
Is there such a thing as lasting peace?
Do you approve of stealing from the rich to give to the poor?
Do you believe that each one of us has a special mission in life?
